Verizon----------

1)  method Overriding : Exception handling rules?
2)  difference between StringBuffer and Builder?
3)  What is Executor framework?
4)  Design Patterns used in the code?
5)  finding intersection between two arrays?
6)  question related to containsKey?
7)  How the Set works?
8) difference between ArrayList and Vector?
9)  What id try with resource?
10) Hibernate object states?
11) What is meant by dirty checking?

Oracle---------

1) Overriding and oveloading rules?
2) Executor Framework?
3) OOP features?
4) Encapsulation real time example?
5) remvoing duplicates from sorted array with efficient way( asked about without using temp variable)?
6) can we create marker interface and example?
7) How to implement polymorphisam and its business implementation?
8) have you worked on recurssion and threads?
9) Write code for printing 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3 using three threads where first thread prints 1 , 2 nd 2 and 3rd 3?
10) write the program to print 1 -one , 2 -two , 22 -twnty two up to 99 numbers for the given input?
11) what is serialization and where it could be used?
12) questions related to cloing and different types of cloning and busineess implementation?
13) how deep cloing works , if we change one object does the original object change?
14) factory pattern business implementation?
15) singleton implemenation with out private constructor?
16) implementation of equals() and hashcode() and business impleemntation?
17) how the proxy pattern works and business implementation?
18) Internal implementation of project?
19) how to print sum of columns and rows in matrix?
20) restartent use case: Has a room with different tables with different seating capacity, how to allote suitable table for people who entered into the room(for example 
for 6 people we need to allot 6 member table or the suitable table which is less seating)


JP morgan( more questions on ---------

1) how to remove duplicates from given numbers?
2) what is serilization and example?
3) Volatile variable?
4) why (thread methods) are in object class?
5) Oveloading and Overriding rules?
6) How to create user defined exceptions?
7) Hibernate object states for new object and object which is already in the database?
8) what is lazy and eager loading?
9) after closing the session, how to access the lazy objects which are not available?
1) Singleton implementation with enum?
11) Executor framework?
12) Trasaction Management and security?
13) Anti patterns?
14) how the join methods works( confused with some example)?
15) difference between notify and notifyall with example?
16) How to handle file input in restful web services?
17) return codes in restful web services?
18) when to use put and post and how to decide which method to use?
19) is servlets thread safe and why we are using them in our old applications?
20) any idea on how banking transactions works?
21) how you have implemented the security for your application?
22) questions realted to mocking frameworks?
23) how to test the database objects?
24) how to write and test unit tests for database testing ?
25) how to mock static feilds/classes?
26) fail safe and fail fast?
27) arraylist and space allocation?
28) have you faced any memory realted issues in your application?
29) How the Garbage collection works and generations?
21) can we move few objects betweeen generations?


Loyalty methods-------

1) how to configure hibernate template and write the code?
2) default scope of bean?
3) usage of concurrent framework?
4) Spring security?
5) how to handle form data in restful web services?
6) can we write bean with same name and id in the spring xml file?
7) how to initialize the beans default values in spring?
8) how to handle Events in spring?
9) bean life cycle management and spring container?
10) design patterns?
11) write the implementation for abstact session factory pattern?
12) commnad to build maven project with /without unit tests?
13) where the artifacts would be maintained in maven project?
14) questions on second level cache in hibernate?
15) performance issues in code?
16) what approach do you follow when you get sudden issues in production if some thing goes wrong after 6 months?
17) code coverage tools used?
18) what is heap and how to set the heap size?


Tech mahindra----

1) difference between soap and rest?
2) how to start writing rest ful web services( code in web.xml)?
3) different methods and return codes in rest?
4) mocking frameworks?
5) Trascation management?
6) basic quetsions on spring and hibernate?



write code for equals() and hashcode() methods
write number reverse program
write palyndrom program




